docs: clarify Azure provider scopes requirement (#9236)
supabase/supabase: apps/reference/docs/guides/auth/auth-azure.mdx

> The JavaScript client code is documented in the [Supabase OAuth Reference](/docs/reference/javascript/auth-signin#sign-in-using-third-party-providers).

Reviewer: 1. The parameters section for the signIn ref docs aren't very helpful right now: https://supabase.com/docs/reference/javascript/auth-signin#parameters
2. Let's have the callout text be the paragraph above the code example.

```suggestion
Supabase Auth requires a valid email address from Azure. Call [signIn](https://supabase.com/docs/reference/javascript/auth-signin) and include the `email` scope.
```

Author: Was handled by another docs update.

}
```

> :::tip
> Supabase Auth requires that Azure returns a valid email address. Therefore you must request the `email` scope in the `signIn` method above.
> :::
> 

Reviewer: Move text above the code example.
```suggestion
```
